
**JB**: I have been getting a few Partner event gpx's lately that do a loop... but then continue around for say 25% of it before finishing which when a map is first loaded i do not notice until i start working on it... it would be nice if when a map is first loaded the points show a different colour when there is another course on top.. ie orange for the first lap but if it continues say red until it finishes..


HI Peter,
Hope you had a good Christmas.

You mentioned v3 in our previous emails, I wanted to think about it
and let you know my thoughts on what would help my workflow, now i may
well not be the typical user so I fully understand if you ignore all
my points :)

I have 3 main areas that I feel need either improving or having added
functionality.

Buttons.
The buttons.. and the sea of green you have when you use several
regularly and struggle to see which is which at times... I know you
mentioned you will be looking at them.. Here is something I thought
would make it easier.
The map full screen with the buttons in a vertical line switchable to
either side of the screen, click on a button and it opens a movable
dockable window with just that buttons options, you can then move that
window wherever you want, and create dockable groups if you want to.
My thoughts are if the main screen was full screen then i would have
smaller logical groups of button controls in each corner.
I read somewhere that you were adding multiscreen support, that could
be amazing but the above would be better for those without access to a
second screen.

Gpx set points on the map
I have often thought these would be a lot more helpful if they changed
colour based on issues, i have a tendency to zoom in and follow the
full course looking for issues, it would be good if for example you
had set the bend issues to say 70% it then changed the colour of those
gpx points as well as detailing their position, and yes i do click on
those positon buttons but when i am scrolling along a course i could
kill 2 birds with one stone if those were highlighted by colour. Again
the same with sharp gradients etc..

Gradient smoothing.
I still find myself using GPX Smoother, I find it easier to see the
difference using the different algorithms made on the course and which
I need to use where to keep the course as faithful as possible whilst
making them smoother. I would really like the options they use, my go
to is the Slope box smoothing followed by the Kalman filter then
elevation box smoothing, but its not just those options that make it
good its the visual way of seeing the changes with the Elevation
chart, Slope and Elevation profile making it easy to see exactly what
the changes are doing.

Okay there is a 4th point, smoothness of moving the map around, it can
be slow at times especially in 3D trying to get a particular angle to
check vertical differences etc.

I have to ask is this a bug, I am finding that when i am moving along
a course if i click on a set point to move the cursor to it, the
screen then moves instantly to where it was before so i have to then
move the map to get where i just clicked to back on screen, if that
makes sense.

What you have created is incredible, I believe with the above
features/options it could mature into an easier and more complete
package that I know I would love to use.... of course along with the
button that turns any A-B course into a vertically matched, 5m
separated out/back course along with the hairpin at the end :)  it
would then be perfect!

Have a good New Year!

--
Regards
John Bytheway
Community Manager