> This is now in 3.11.

I now understand Graphs (maybe) in relation to tracks.

A track is just a graph with two implied nodes, at start end end. One in case of a loop.

Editing a graph allows only a few operations:

- Add a node
- Add an edge
- Delete an edge
- Delete a node that has no edges (or delete edges to it)
- Coalesce two nodes
- Insert a node on an edge

Graph editing happens "on a higher plane" that supports only these.
We make explicit the first two, by having nodes in Model.

We can use this to "formalise" Loops, Split & Join, if we wish. (Even Strava segment insert.)

User can only edit one (canonical) edge at one time.
(Moving an endpoint moves that nodes for other connected edges.)

The question is how the UI reflects this.

The graph could be displayed in a new view that emphasises nodes and elides edges.
It could be like Plan, in SVG.
Editing perhaps "nearly direct" on the image using popup buttons under the mouse.
Optional Map underlay?

In Graph edit mode, all other editing tools Disabled.

Graphs can be Saved and Loaded but in proprietary compact format.
(Save button changes to reflect this.)
This is just for user convenience to revisit a graph.
Separate Undo/Redo stack for graph edits (probably just holding the graph shape).

Dropping "into" an edge to edit it enables edit tools, should lock Graph open.
We could show inactive edges elided in different rendering. Or not, initially.
Exiting this mode must be in the graph tool.

As before, a fully traversed graph becomes once more a trivial two (or one) node graph.

I fancy calling it "Network" with "stations" and "lines" or "legs", just to emphasise the different mode.
Maybe "Metro", "station", "track", since then we know where "track" sits in the scheme of things.
"Leg" is a traversal.

This could be quite elegant.
Imagine the graph drawn in SVG.
When mouse moves over a feature, that feature is highlighted.
As the mouse moves (or on click) a small toolbar appears, according to context:

- on an edge: ("Edit this track", "Add station here", "Remove this track"
- on a node: ("Delete", "Create edge to..." "Merge with...")
- on blank: ("Add a station here", "Insert a GPX track")

Note that final one: it's like Join but moves into local space at the click point.

Also use direct clicking for adding traversals.
Node: "Start here" (if no route or this node connects to the current start), "Move here" (if not amiguous).
Edge: "Use this track"

Tool shows traversal list, replicates these functions, allows selection with clear highlighting (same as hover).
Also needs "Finish editing this track".

Could it be that there is no "graph mode"? We just flip between track edits and graph edits?
The only big thing is the concept of "current track".
The graph tool is then really for viewing & editing traversals, much as it is now.

In a little more depth, we store the graph as a set of nodes and edges.
Each edge is a PeteTree.
There is always a current traversal, but it could be empty.
If the traversal is not empty, there is always a current edge.
All edges are rendered in all views but the current edge is distinct.
Non-current edges render at low depth.
Moving the pointer, or clicking anywhere, can change the current edge.
Changing the current edge clears Purple if dropped.
Orange pointer is meaningful only in context of current edge.
Purple cannot be moved outside current edge.
If current edge is adjacent to traversal, option given to add it (either end).
Only end nodes of current edge are map-draggable (this could be revisited).
